---
layout: post
title: "San Francisco"
subtitle: "My life in the city"
date: 2020-2-17 10:45:13 -0400
background: '/img/posts/06.jpg'
---

## Where
Soma district in a small apartment off of 6th and Natoma st
## When
Jan 20th - Apr 6th 2020
## Why
Internship at Front
## Who
Me, Kaiser, Rishi, Deen

___
## The Things I did to survive
- I washed dishes with hand soap and a spare toothbrush.
- I used my boxers as bath mats when getting out of the shower. 
- Borrowed some utensils and plates from work.
- Took toilet paper from a hotel.
- Borrowed some towels from the local YMCA.
- Took my switch to work to download the latest Smash Ultimate update

## Things I wish…
- I wish my room was bigger than a closet.
- I wish cracked out homeless men didn’t yell at me when I’m just trying to go home.
- I wish I didn’t see a naked man yelling outside our door as he struggled to  put his pants on.
- I wish I didn’t have to see poop on my way to work.
- I wish I didn’t have to look sad, miserable, and poor to avoid drawing attention from the homeless.
- I wish I had wifi.
- I wish I didn’t run out of data.
- I wish Rishi brought something useful for me. He had options between a trash can, floor mat, and utensils. But he decided to bring a scale (Or a “weighing machine” as he called it).

## Things I love…
- I love that I get to live in the city in an apartment that’s walking distance to my office.
- I love that I get to live with my friends and I love these friends are people that I look up to.
- I love the the homey, cozy feeling of my room.
- I love that the apartment is clean (or was clean until Kaiser moved in)
- I love that Rishi and Kaiser found an apartment early so I had a place to live in the city. (Kaiser moved in 2/15. Rishi moved in 3/1).
- I love my routine with Kaiser of getting dinner at Coinbase  and working out at the Embarcadaro YMCA.
- I love not needing a car.

## Highlights
- To be continutued...

## Lowlights
- To be continutued...